The cit190-term-project folder is part of the term project I am creating for my JavaScript class. The task was to create a series of
applications that may be useful in an educational setting, whether in the classroom or as a study aid. This repository contains a scientific calculator application and a periodic table application. The scientific calculator uses ECMAScript 6, particularly the methods available to the Math object, and a liberal use of regular expressions to implement the algebraic order of operations. However, the operations need to be explicitly specified, similar to MATLAB [i.e. the calculator will not recognize (2+3)(4+5)]. The periodic table application displays a tooltip of selected information about an element when its button on the table is clicked. The script will only allow for one tooltip to be open at a time, and clicking on the element's button again will dismiss the tooltip.

The cit255-term-project folder contains the term project for my Object-Oriented Programming and Design class (my third semester C# class). Using object-oriented design principles, I designed an application that serves as a dashboard for daily fantasy football data, a pastime of mine. The application is built on the Universal Windows Platform.

The complexity-practice folder is a project I created to implement the models that Neil Johnson outlined in his book “Simply Complexity.” Johnson’s book is about complexity theory, which posits that certain systems are best modeled as a series of objects that interact with each other and their environment and has applications in numerous fields. I focused on one of the models he proposed in his book, a model of whether a potential bar patron should go to his favorite bar on a particular Friday night based on some publicly available information and his past experiences. I implemented the model in C# and am in the process of implementing the model in Java.
